I, Brother Lu Zhao, am the youngest consortium in Southern Province
The master is also the head of Bailining on the Forbes list
unparalleled achievement
You say everything I got
It's all because of your unicorn music
Your brain was kicked by a donkey
Ten years since Ye Qingmei joined the army
Heroic achievements
There are also the four gods of war of the Heavenly Sword, the Thunder God of War
value me
I am about to be named the fifth god of war
Your so-called unicorn charm
It's like taking all the credit for yourself.
I'm not sweet
But I was born to steal fists
It is also Yunying, a rare voice genius from a century ago
Soon I will become Shao Zong of Yunyin Jun
Lead Quanzong to hear the new glory
Don't tell me
All of this.
It's all in your mouth with the rhyme of the heart
That's right, the secret on you
All the laws of creation are given by my own hands
The royal face is shameless and ridiculous
This is the scientific 21st century.
What shit unicorn charm
Just lie to my nine families
Hmph, you don't deserve it
The three of you were there
And I've seen it happen.
Why don't you remember?
And I'm still standing here.
And they look the same as they did 20 years ago.
Can't it be painted like this?
How could I not remember?
I see your disgusting word now
Feel like vomiting
I don't care what tricks you used back then
Lied to our parents
What can be done now to make the appearance serious?
But let me tell you something.
Your lies will be destroyed today
Today is different
We are getting married
Here is 500.
As a divorce project
Enough for you redneck to go back to the country
Abandoned enough
A good nine families
You were cornered
Kneeling in front of me rocking chair begging for mercy
Deathly posture
Not even a drowning dog
And now it's turning around and biting me
Ling Zaozhi
I might as well have given this luck
Give you nine wild dogs
You're just a town and a village
Our nine families are giving you steps down.
If you continue to talk nonsense
Don't blame Ben for being rude to you.
You keep thinking about what will happen to you
I warned your fathers
Once divorced
Everything is coming
The wine industry will suffer an unbearable catastrophe
I was the only one who broke the engagement
You don't let it
It's a pity that I'm not satisfied with your performance today
So when I cleared my head
Let's talk about it again
What does this mean since you don't want to get married?
Then let me come out
Even if I think about my fiancé
That must be a wealthy family infection
Noble affairs
And you are a country name
Mixed with burial
sit and wait
Today's Jilin Convention
I have my way
Retreat first
This likes me, Ye Qingmei also retreats
You are a member of Yunyin Sect
Should understand what I'm saying
What would you say?
The legendary unicorn is the root of immortality
Gods and Buddhas
That's just an ethereal legend
And the only person I'm looking for is not a genius
Martial arts monster
So I will quit this marriage if it is not sweet